Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best SAS
speakers. This is where the cloud meets.
Up today on the Saster Podcast, you're
either at the cutting edge of AI or
you're getting displaced. And the
question is just what's the speed? If
all your customers are on 5-year
contracts, you can hide if you want.
There is no middle ground anymore.
That's the best advice I can tell you.
One last thing I would say to founders
on this, I wrote this on Twitter
yesterday and then I have longer post on
Sasktor. A ask yourself calmly use your
own product. Is your jaw-dropping?
Is your jaw-dropping? Almost every if
anyone that has even a couple million in
revenue up to billions at some point
your product was a jaw-dropper or you
never would have gotten there. You you
utterly changed the lives of a
stakeholder of a customer. They didn't
buy you because you're 1% better. They
bought you because you were you you're
jaw-droppingly better at least for some
niche use case. Be honest. In the age of
AI, are you as jaw-dropping as Claude?
And if you're not, that's why you're
decaying.
Hey, Sasker, imagine having agents for
every support tab. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn. That'd
be pretty amazing, right? Happy Fox just
made it real with autopilot. These
pre-built AI agents deploy in about 60
seconds and run for as low as 2 cents
per successful action. All of it sits
inside the HappyFox omni channel AI
first support stack chatbot co-pilot and
autopilot working as one. Check them out
at happyox.com/saster.
Hey everybody, Saster Annual will be
back May 2026, the world's largest SAS
and AI gathering for executives. Just
this as last May, we hosted 10,000
attendees with 68 VP level and above
attendees. 36% CEOs and founders and 25%
were AI first professionals. It's the
very best of Sierra attendees and
decision makers that come to Saster
Annual and AI Summit each and every
year. But here's the reality, folks. The
longer you wait, the higher ticket
prices get. They're cheap now. They're
cheap. So just get them early. Lock in
your spot today. Use my code Jason 100
for exclusive savings. Get your tickets
at podcast.s sanganual.com or just use
code Jason100 when you check out. See
you there. Saster Annual and AI Summit
2026. It will rock.
Hello everyone. Welcome back to a
another Zaster AI live. We wanted to do
a followup from AI day we did a couple
weeks ago. We did not make it through
the whole thing. And I actually think a
lot has changed in those two weeks just
with the
wider let's say release of cloud co-work
to a lot of a lot more users including
ourselves um to use try and then
obviously I know also cloud code got a
lot of updates in the last two weeks as
well as just like the model core that
are core to claude and open AAI. Um, so
we wanted to do an update basically on
where we're at just with the leads of
our journey of like building versus
buying all these apps for AI agents and
now apps and kind of encompassing some
of that with you know everything that's
been going on in the last two weeks cuz
a lot has happened. All right, just I
always like to put this light first um
for those who need it. And just to
preface as always you can go to
satsbury.ai/agents AI/ agents if you
want more info on any of the either
third party tools or things that we buy
the apps we buy coded today are all
listed there. We have like a new
community list newer community listing
that we have there as well that you can
play around with and see
what we use and how we use it. So that's
that. Okay. So getting into our So this
is the 9010 rule Jason that you
originated. would love to get your
thoughts here just to kind of kick us
off. But basically our rule from the
last you know 9 months 20 plus agents
plus now now maybe eight with the la the
two that I'll focus on today that we
made recently in the last two weeks. So
a bunch of apps we've made both for
internal purposes and then actually now
external facing. The rule we've had has
always been, you know, buy 90% of what
you need if you can off the shelf. Do it
where, you know, there's already a
solution for this. Like, we're not
trying to buy code our own CRM tool or
anything crazy like that. You know, we
have agents that we use for outbound and
inbound. Those are all third party
tools. Like, I'm not even going to
attempt to recreate those in what we're
doing in by coding. Um, so that's that's
an interesting mix there. We've we've
pretty much bought 90% of what we've
needed and only built the 10% where we
either couldn't find a solution that
really already existed pretty close to
what we wanted off the shelf or we had
you know in the case of our AI BPM that
I'll walk you guys through a bit more
where we had a bunch of proprietary data
that I had in one place I basically had
on my computer we had like a bunch of
years of data I couldn't find a tool and
so that was also a reason where we went
into the 10% of where it didn't exist.
And then also more recently, I'll show
you what we did with cloud co-work and
um vibe coding is I actually did replace
a tool in the last week. We were paying
for so this is kind of a new I don't
know if you would consider it a caveat
to the rule, but um this is a new one
where you know we were paying for a
tool. It it didn't some of what we
needed off the shelves, but it didn't do
enough. And so that's where I decided it
was worth the effort to build our own
tool in this scenario.
But yeah, we do use a lot of third party
tools. I think in those evaluations,
it's typically been, you know, okay, are
these vendors and tools we could trust?
Again, does it do like most of what
you're looking to do? And if it does,
like there's so many, I think, nuances
behind the scenes that are maybe
unappreciated when you start vioding and
learning how to do it really good.
Things like compliance, things like
security, data warehousing, like these
are all things I don't I don't want to
tackle. Even as good as we've gotten,
these are all things I don't want to
tackle. The other thing I've already
fallen into is the maintenance of all
these apps, right? Like Jason spends a
lot of time in his day doing maintenance
of these apps. I now have to spend a
bunch of time with the apps I've created
maintaining them. And so it just kind of
compounds on itself where then you're
also now just spending time doing a
bunch of app maintenance or agent
maintenance. Um so it is a big time suck
as well.
>> I think there's a lot to dig into in
here. Um
>> the only sort of meta thing I'll add for
folks is Amelia will show you we um we
rebuilt what I I call an N equal one
app. So the the one this is just I I I
want to go deep on what we're the folks
the apps you guys might be used that we
use but may will show you we built this
this sponsor application for our
sponsors we have 150 sponsors for SAS A
in 20 2026 and may come and what is
interesting at a higher level is there
is third party application for these
what what is called sponsor portal it's
a niche category of software it's not
big enough to justify significant
investment and the products are not they
just have not kept up with 2026. They're
terrible. So, we didn't want to build
one. We built our own version of
something we could buy for 5K and 10K
and have for years, and we'll show you
why. But I think there is a risk for
folks building vertical apps, building
niche apps, you should not build an
agent if you can buy it on AI app. But
if you fall behind too far, um folks may
build it out of frustration. And and
that's more what we did rather than try
to cancel our Salesforce bill. Um, but
this was one where we were driven to
frustration by the mediocrity in this
event software space to finally build
our own and um and it worked. So it
would be that's that's a lost customer
forever for those vendors. So we'll show
you that though. Keep going.
>> Yeah, we'll show folks. Um, so yeah,
this is my evolution of the 9010 rule of
you know this again. We've we've bought
a lot of third party tools are on
SAS.ai/ agents. You can see the ones we
use multiple for outbound. we use one
for inbound. Um, but like when we when
we go to evaluate things, right? Again,
if we can find a solution off this
shelf, we're going to go for it, right?
Like we are famously three humans, one
dog, and like 20 pumping agents now and
like eight apps. So like we don't have a
lot human manpower to keep up with these
to go through compliance to, you know,
use a data warehouse other than
Salesforce. Like a lot of our apps and
agents all push back into Salesforce.
It's a great system of record. I'm not
trying to vibe code, you know, an an
inbound agent. Like, I'm not trying to
vibe code another outbound STR. Like,
there are things off the shelf that do
that really well. It's not a good use of
your time. I think that's the other
thing, too. Like, just cuz it's
feasible, sometimes it it may not be the
best thing to vibe code even though you
could maybe do it cuz it's just going to
be an ongoing time suck. I really had to
weigh in the pros and cons of Vibe
coding our sponsor portal because we had
something off the shelf that worked, but
I just got really frustrated that it was
lacking a bunch of features that I knew
would be possible to vibe code into an
app and like make it better. I was like,
you know what, this tool that we're
using off the shelf has no AI. Literally
zero AI. And this is not a knock on
them. Like this is maybe just a category
of like event software has been
untouched
for a very long time. So, you know,
hosting SAS annual, doing these events
has been always a sore point of
frustration that we're kind of hostage
to a lot of vendors we end up having to
use because there isn't anything better
out there. Uh, but I knew it would be
feasible. Um, but I was not keen on
doing it cuz I knew it would take time.
I knew to build in some like AI native
features is like not my strong suit when
it comes to vibe coding. And the other
biggest thing was I did not want to
tackle single sign on. I was like that
that is complicated. Like I am not an
engineer. I you know have been a go to
market person. I don't know how to fix
that. If I was like what if that breaks
like I'm screwed. Like I basically
actually ended up giving myself a limit
of like okay if I can't get single sign
on to work in a vibe coded app in a day
then I'm just going to use the
offtheshelf tool because I can't spend
that much more time on it. Like I will
give myself a day see if I can do it.
See if I can get the integrations to
work. secret work for real and then I'll
do all the other features cuz all the
other features are like fairly simple.
Um and I was like if that work then I'll
launch it but if not I'll go back to
what we were using cuz it's just too
risky. I was like this is super risky.
Like we have 150 sponsors you know
millions of dollars of revenue and
customers at Zaster that rely on this
portal and this backend to work and get
the information they need to come be you
know a successful customer of ours and
sponsor at Zaster. And I was like
there's just a lot of writing on this.
So it was definitely scary and I would
say the thing that kind of tipped me
over the edge was one we're 9 months in,
right? So I wouldn't say if you just
started buy coding or you've been
kicking yourself on, okay, I need to
start learning how to buy code app so I
can see what's possible. I would not
tackle this day one, right? This was
after we've done you know the valuation
pitch calculator, the pitch deck um
creator we have, you know, sasser.ai AI
is on a vibe coded website. That's
really like this is after multiple
vibecoded websites forward facing in
production before I tried to even fathom
tackling something like single sign on
cuz I knew I knew from those experiences
that it was going to be complicated AF.
I was like it's going to suck. I already
know it's going to suck.
So, I feel like that was a lot of hard.
I was like, "Okay, because it's gonna
suck. I know it's going to suck. I'm
gonna give myself a day." Um, but I also
think it it ties back to, you know, what
are I think there's all this social
media hype around, okay, like what are
people, you know, obviously loveable
replet on fire, Versel, like all all of
these tools are on fire. They're all
going to be a like um all these all
these guys are, you know, obviously
benefiting Brenda. I do think there's so
many great stories coming out of people
who have biod things or and are now
profitable from apps that are in
production. Um, but if you actually look
at Anton's tweet that Jason wrote up
from I think this was in the last week,
like they posted, "What are most people
vibe coding?" And I feel like this is
super interesting because it really
applies to the 9010 rule of like if you
look at this, it's not till number four
that he got to replacing, you know, and
or rebuilding a custom built SAS app the
way that we did. Literally number four.
Number one is rapid prototyping. And
that makes a ton of sense, right? You
don't want to wait for your engineer
team. Maybe you're on the go to market
team, so you're not as technical, but
you're like, I just need you to fix this
on the website or we have a new product
or we have a new case study and I this
is how I want it. Like it's perfect for
that. Like you don't have to get all in
the weeds. Maybe your engineering team
will take it and actually make it real
and forward facing. So like that's a
great use case. That's a great I think
also use case um where a lot of people
come in to vibe coding. And I was like
okay that makes a ton of sense. So, it's
just interesting to see that reflected
in his data, what people are actually
using by putting apps like global
before. I think to building internal
tools, that's what we did with our AIB
BPM, which I'll show you guys next.
Again, that made a ton of sense for us
cuz we knew it was going to be internal
facing, right? Low risk. We couldn't
find an off-the-shelf tool to do what we
wanted in marketing. Like, too many of
the marketing tools right now are either
like actually sales tools that he have a
marketing wrapper around them or are
just glorified copywriting tools. And
that's not what we wanted. So that's
where we fell into number two and built
that tool. Um number three is something
we do a lot of. Um we actually do it a
little bit more automated but you can
basically API into making slide decks
real right. So if you have something
like you know everyone's call recorder
is here you can take a call recording
put that into you know pick your poison
tool um zap your data and whatever um
API it into replet lovable gamma have it
spin out a custom website for the
prospect you just talked to versus you
know waiting to send a generic deck to
them. We do this all the time now.
That's actually a really again really
great use case for go to market. Really
low risk because you're just going to
send it to that prospect, right? Like
you don't if the whole if they share it
around the org, great. But it's not for
like the whole internet to see. It's
fairly you can password protect it,
right? Fairly easily. It's pretty
secure. Like there's probably nothing
proprietary you're going to put in that
deck um on that website. Again, low
risk. So makes a ton of sense. I think
just interesting to see here that's not
till it's also number four where he was
like then we see people starting to
recreate simple thing and I appreciate
he said simple but not he's like not
godly you know simple thing like the
ones um I'll show you that we build
super great but not again we're not
trying to we're not trying to rebuild
Salesforce I'm not trying to recreate
our marketing automation platform I'm
not even trying to recreate the AI
agents we bought off the shelf those all
do that really well. Um, and there's
there's just no need to build those
things when you can feasibly buy them.
So, I'll show you some of the two things
we've built more recently and also why
it's why it's interesting that we've
built these recently in the last two
well 10k is like a month old. Ouch. Um,
and the sponsor portal is literally week
and I honestly and part of that build
versus buy. Yeah. two very different
reasons here and also I think part of my
hesitation to rebuild something like SAS
responsors would have been greater had
it not been for claude co-work coming
out right so it came out I think January
um and betas and you have to be on a max
plan so my max plan got at like 51 or
something so I didn't have it for that
long but I was like okay between that
being literally on my machine and then
cloud also having co-working browser I
was like oh sh like it can do a lot
actually they can it can see everything
it can do it can take actions for you so
I was like you know what if I get stuck
vibe coding this d app that I need for
sponsors because I know it's a little
bit more complicated with like single
sign on and like it has some unique data
that's like unique to each c customer
let's say um and I was like obviously
single sign on will tackle a lot of that
but if I get stuck I felt confident
having use code work for a couple days
to be like Okay, I think Claude could
probably bail me out if I get stuck. Um,
and the other part of using co-work so
much was that because it's on my machine
and I was recreating an app we already
used, it was easier to do it because it
could already ingest all that stuff cuz
again it's on my machine. It was in my
browser and so it basically took all
that good stuff which I'll show you um
and helped me write a spec for Vibe Con
and then also helped me when I got stuck
a couple times with single sign on to
get unstuck. So, like I don't I don't
know if without it I could have done the
whole project and app to completion. I'm
going to be honest. Like I don't know if
I could have um because it just one it
kept me to my my you know restriction I
put on myself of like okay if I can do
this in a day then I'll do it but if I
can't I'm going to go back to the third
party offtheshelf tool we built which I
think is a good restriction and it was a
whole day. I was like I have no meetings
this day. I'm literally just going to
figure out I was like don't talk to me.
Don't slack me. I'm too extreme
trying to figure it out. I'm like in a
dark hole. Um and so I think there's two
very different reasons here. Um part of
it too to an earlier point you made
Jason was this full in particular for
SAPs for sponsor that I decided to
recreate with bipod had no AI features
in it.
I was like, it's February of 2026 and
there is not one single AI, not even a
lightweight AI feature. Nothing. Not
like, hey, put the sponsor's name in or
put your customer's name in and then
we'll, you know, we'll use AI to back
field their address and their um
location and how many employees they
have and their company size and where
they based and like give you a little
blurb about them. I was like, that's
that's AI 101. that's so basic for an
agent to go into. Like, how is that not
even in the app that we've been using
for the past couple years? And so, I was
super frustrated that there was
literally zero AI in the tool we were
using. And I thought, you know what? I
think it's just time to rip the band-aid
and recreate it ourselves because I know
for a fact I can get AI not only into
this tool, but it will make life easier
if the single sign on works. Um, and so
I would like, you know what, there is
no, and to be fair, I also did look for
a different third party tool that maybe
had more AI in it that would do this
like unique sponsor, but it's fairly
unique. Like this is again event SAS
apps are fairly behind and all this AI
stuff like there was not one I could
find off the shelf to do this. Um,
similar to the way that we built our AI
um, VP of marketing, which is internal
facing only. So, I'll show you guys some
screenshots of it. And then I'll show
you SAS for sponsors, which is external
ping. Um, again, same thing. We could
not find a third party tool more
specifically for marketing. Obviously,
there's a lot of sales tools out there
that are really great that we're using.
And sometimes I do use them for
marketing, but I couldn't find one that
was all-encompassing that was like,
okay, I'm going to take all your data
from the last 10 years. Like this is
something we also couldn't hire a human
to do because asking a new marketer to
look at 10 years of data of hey what's
worked for SAS for sponsors for tickets
for customers for for media we have like
a whole media business like would just
they would blow their brain like it's
too much like it was just too much
complexity they'd be like uh like I
don't I don't I don't know how to
process all this as a human being and so
I was like okay clearly AI can easily
actually process all this data which it
did like it it again it probably took a
day cuz I followed this rule quite
strictly up I gave it a day to like
ingest all of our old data come up with
like analysis of it come up with what's
working what's not working what are we
not doing what are you know do some
competitive analysis what are other
folks like stats we're doing what's
working in a like what are the benefits
I can get out of inject like putting and
injecting more AI into this process and
then I let the AI run with it right I
was like okay come up with an actual
plan. Um, and so that's what we did for
these. Again, two vibecoded tools. I
think two very different reasons of like
one was internal facing. So I think to
Anton's point like that's a great reason
to vibe code something if it's just
going to be internal facing. The other
one was again to replace a simple SAS
app, but also it had zero AI
functionality. So I was like there's
just no benefit to sticking with this
tool. Um, I'll also say maybe to take a
different angle on it. Um, if that's you
right now, that's where I would be
worried. Like, if you feel like your app
had zero AI, that's that that was
literally my first frontier to try and
replace replacing something. And I was
like, my bar is does this tool already
have AI in it? And it didn't. So, I
think if that's you, I'd be a little bit
more worried.
>> Build out Yes.
>> Uh, something in in AI in your app that
that moves that really moves the needle.
Yeah. you should give up you. The LLMs,
the LMS are available to everybody.
Everything got really good around last
summer fall with Claude 35 37 and
they're really good now. And it's not
that hard. I mean, here, listen, I don't
want to spend all this time. I want to
show folks what we build and and answer
questions that we didn't get. But
honestly, here's the tough part, guys.
This the the the VPM, let's get to it
cuz we're we're But the V the VP
marketing is niche to us. the sponsor
portal. If Amelia with two days of hard
work or day and app is able to build
something better than it's on the
market, you should be embarrassed if you
have if you can't do that, right? So,
but this is I think it's time to be
honest and ask yourself, do is your does
your app still make your customers jaw
drop? Is it still magical? Um cuz cuz
there's there's really no excuse today
and you're going to be quickly disrupted
and churned if you can't build something
magical with your AI app today. Stuff's
so good. So, but let's keep going.
>> Yeah, it's so good. It's um Yeah, to
your point, there are some good
questions. So, I I'll I'll walk you guys
through both of our um more recent
customuilt agents. And I think um
there's some good nuances here of like,
you know, could I build these two apps
this time last year? Probably not. like
everything got not only have things
gotten really good over the last um you
know more so 9 months than the last year
but in the last two weeks with the new
models and obviously with coord um you
could do a lot more a lot faster and I
think that's a big unlock that people
haven't quite fully realized yet. I I
know I see a lot of folks who have
realized this about cloud um cloud code
and you know GBT coding and um all that
jazz but I think just having code sit in
your machine sit in your browser see
what you're doing be able to take
actions it's a it's honestly it was the
first time I was like oh I'm a little
scared for myself
as as the as the agent builder and as
the person who has managed all these
agents for the last nine months I was
like well you Yeah, give them a year.
They may not need me.
They may not need me in a year. So, we
will see. Maybe we're more than a year
off from that. But I was like, this it's
gotten scary going crazy fast in the
last two weeks. I'm like, it's only
February 11th. Like, um, it's gotten
really good. So, going first to our
custom AI BPM. So, again, we couldn't
find a tool that would do this. Um I did
the the real problem here was finding a
tool too that could not only ingest all
of our proprietary data from the last 10
years, right, which we needed AI to do.
We knew that AI would be able to um like
an agent would be able to understand all
the data would be like be able to come
up with an action plan like an actual
coherent plan of okay here's what to do
every single day from and I did it for a
short time. I was like, let's do it for
the next 6 months, right? It was
January, now it's disaster. Let's do a
six-month marketing plan and you're
going to output from me first at a high
level, right? So, this was an iteration.
It was all based on data of what's
working, what hasn't for, you know, our
sales, for our marketing, for our go to
market team um to really push us and
keep us on track. I was like, I need
something that will keep us honest and
is also
other than the data doesn't have bias,
right? The agent is just going to look
at everything across the board. I give
it it has real- time API inputs of where
we are today and it'll it'll adjust in
real time. It'll say like today it was
kind of roasting me for being behind on
our summits. I was like I know I'm
getting you're faster than me agent. Um
and so it's just really interesting. So
we custom built the AI BPM more
specifically using you know third party
tools we already had cuz I basically
wanted to take the data of what's
working the best and then put it into
this new agent. I took a lot of you know
historical data I put it into this
agent. I used Zapier because obviously
that powers a lot of other workflows to
push back and forth and pull back and
forth. So it's got web hooks. It's got
APIs. Um it uses Salesforce as you know
our primary data instance. Again I'm not
trying to recreate the wheel on that
one. It's a really great way to have
data that's plus Salesforce already has
a lot of data, right? It's got 10 year
after data. So, I'm not going to try and
recreate that. I'm just going to push
and pull from Salesforce because it's
already there, you know, pushed
everything back in the cloud. And then
we use Replet for this one um to build
an internal agent. You can use replet or
loable um to build your internal agent.
So, we built 10K for two very specific
reasons. uh one because we needed more
of a marketing orchestration tool and we
couldn't find one, but two also because
you know we wanted something that would
help us get to like the keepathon. It's
got us to the first 10k attendees for
access annual this year and help us
drive the first 10k of revenue and it's
giving us like literally actionable
to-dos like every day. the first agent
now I log into and other than like our
outbound and inbound agents, but this
one is typically first because it keeps
us honest and okay, here are the
campaigns you need to be running this
week. Here's the copy for the campaigns.
Here's the email copy. Here's the ad
copy. Here's how much you should be
spending on ads. Let me look at where
you're at today. Like every morning, I'm
like, agent, look at where we're at
today. It'll say, "Okay, here's where
you're at towards those attendance and
revenue goals and sponsorship goals.
here's where we should, you know, adjust
those levels and dials maybe a little
bit more. Have you tried this thing? Or
sometimes I'll be like, "Hey, I'm
thinking of doing this, which is not our
game plan. Is it a waste of time or
not?" Like, it's a really good co-pilot
for me um to bounce ideas off of. So,
that's our that's our AIVPM. It's more
so internal facing. Uh but I'll go back
to what it looked like for a second. So,
this lefth hand rail is what our AI
agent looks like. Again, it's got a lot
of proprietary data. So, I took some
screenshots that were more high level.
Um, but this is, you know, it's like,
okay, here's the setup week. Here's the
launch week. Here's what here's how many
tickets you need each week. When you
click them, then these are also further
clickable. It'll say, okay, here's what
you need to do this week, right? It's
telling me like, hey, create your promo
code. Make sure Jason 20 is on, which it
is. And make sure you're running ads to
it. You know, make sure all of your AISD
are optimized for sponsorships and
tickets. Like, here are the campaigns.
here are the target audience you need to
hit, here's what you should promote to
them. Like it's literally giving us all
these things, which has been a super
handy day-to-day tool. And it's been
again just a nice co-pilot to have kind
of off the shelf and coded again. It's
high stakes in the fact that like we
rely on this now, but low stakes from
the fact that like only our internals
needs to access it. We had to hook up
some APIs to it to have real-time data,
but other than that, you know, it's not
trying to solve anything crazy. And so
for all intents of purposes, it's a
simple SAS app. um or co-pilot or agent
or whatever you want to call it, but it
works pretty well. Okay, Saster Sponsors
is our newest one. This is the one that
I use co-work a lot more for. If you you
can actually go to sasterponsors.com.
So, this is external facing if you're
logged out, which I'm logged in. You'll
still see a bunch of the stuff. You just
if you want to take a look at the
website just to see how it works, but
you can go to it. We decided we would
just leave it open and then we would
only gate you would only need to sign in
for things like if you wanted to
actually submit a task you have to sign
in to pick your booth you have to
you can't take your competitor's booth
to be really far from you. It's got some
gated features there but for all intents
purposes we were like you know a lot of
our sponsors have either third party
agencies or other like contractors they
work with when it comes to something
like SAS. But we're going to keep it
open um so that anybody can access most
of the information at any given time
just to see it at a glance. But if they
need to take an action, that's when
it'll prompt them to sign in.
Interestingly, that is something that I
wrote into the spec with claude
like and I'll actually show you that and
then I'll come back to the website. So,
um as I've already said, we were paying
for an existing tool here, but I'll open
up my blood chat.
So, um, this is the whole chat. I linked
it in the slides. So, if you want to
read my whole chat with Glad on specking
out the sponsor portal that I built. Go
for it. I actually think it's a super
important step if you are going to vibe
code your own simple ZAS app is to write
the spec first. And actually, that was a
pro tip from Jacob. Um, is to write the
spec first so that it's kind of like
bounded. It knows its parameters. It
knows what it's going to do. and it's
not going to go crazy on like trying to
self validate and do like a bunch of
crazy features that maybe would break in
that you don't need but also in the new
spec make sure you have you know basic
AI features and tooling make sure that
anything I put in is going to be able to
have that functionality you know like
let's benefit from AI like let's build
that in the platform where the other one
didn't have it and then
certainly you can see it's here first I
was like most importantly it needs to
have single sign on so whatever you
write for the spec needs to keep that in
mind that like it's going to be a single
climon tool. I literally said to Claude,
you know, I want to keep it open since
our since our customers have people that
are going to work on their work on their
event sponsorships with like their
agencies. That's super common, right?
These are really big companies. So
sometimes some are startups and so
sometimes it's also like the CEO or like
their their chief of staff is on it. And
so I wrote that on to the back. You can
read it all their wonderboard leader.
But I think it's a good format to always
write the spec first or and um to be
able to do and then like you know have a
conversation with it of like okay does
it look good? Mine looks pretty good
one. Um so I was like okay this looks
like what I want. Um so that was the
first thing I did before I went into in
this case these screenshots are from
replet. So then I took what I wrote with
baud as a spec and I put it into replet
and I you can see when I very first
started I said how can I add true single
sign on not like faux single sign on
sometimes the five coding apps like
it'll do stuff that's not real I was
like true single sign on make it
actually real and I wanted to do this
cuz if if as as simple as it sounds
actually our old third party tool we
were using for this didn't have
persistent single sign on so like if If
I sign on, if I signed into your um
previous application of this and I, you
know, submitted a bunch of stuff
disaster and then Jason logged in, let's
say the same instance, he wouldn't see
what I did. For some reason, it wasn't
persistent. So that part had always kind
of annoyed me. And so I was like, "Oh, I
want to do true single sign on across
the org." So that you know, we only gate
things that we need to anybody from our
agency can do it, but also, you know,
make it smart enough where like if they
join and it's their company domain or
that anybody can join. Cuz the other
annoying thing we had to do with our old
platform is like me or Wendy who's on
our production team or David would
literally have to invite somebody
anytime they need to add somebody to
their insims. And I was like, why? This
is the age of AI. like can't you just
look up their domain, see if they're a
sponsor and then like let them into the
board
and the answer was yes. Yes, it could do
that. Um and so that's where again I
used a mix of uh co-work to help me
think through this as well as the replet
agent that is just in the agent to say
okay what can I use to tackle single
sign on? They have a it's not a native
integration yet but I think it's coming
and they use a tool called clerk to
tackle single sign on and I was like
okay let's do it. So I had to sign up
for clerk and then my chat's really long
after this but this is how I go through
building true single sign on and some
light AI features into this app um that
we were previously using. So yeah this
is what it came out with. I think part
of where I used co-work a lot too for
this tool specifically. I was also like,
"Okay, you've now ingested and written
this back for the new portal. Great. I
already gave that to you my vibe coding
app. Um, now
take all the information from this year
and put it into this like help me
rewrite it so that I can give it to the
reply agent to put into this portal so I
don't have to copy paste a million
freaking times. Like just do it for me."
And then the other thing I did was
actually um made this a lot smoother and
a lot faster. I just gave Cloudco work
um because it's on my machine. I already
had all the contracts, right, of all of
our current sponsors, all of our current
customers for SAS annual this year. And
I said work in this folder, go through
each contract and like this is what
you're going to need to do to create
this like app. And I I I told Quad
specifically, write it in a way that a
VI coding app will understand it because
I'm going to give it to the VI coding
agent. Like I'm basically going to
output with you as an agent and give it
to another agent to deploy. And it said,
okay, I'm ready. It worked in my, you
know, on my machine in this folder. It
went through all the it went through all
the contracts, etc. And it and it came
out and I told it to look for a few
specific things. I was like, one, you
know, make sure you're capturing the
company, their URL, etc. Two, make sure
you read each contract to see how many
sponsor passes they have because this is
important for registration. And that's
like one of the first things people do
when they log into the sponsor portal. I
like to see how many customer passes
they have, see if they have any speaking
stuff, and then also tell me what day
they signed so that I know what order
that they'll be in for booth selection
cuz that's what we use for booth
selection. It did that in I want to say
it took like an hour because there's a
lot of there's a lot of contracts they
had to read. They're a little
complicated and I checked it. So maybe a
little less than an hour, but let's just
say an hour. It took Claude Go an hour
to do that. And then I told Blaude,
"Okay, great. Like all the data looks
good. Now go into our event registration
platform." Because I had it open my
browser. I was like, "Just click into it
and start creating the codes." It
started making the codes on its own.
again. Probably took another like
whatever 20 minutes to do that. It went
through everybody, made their codes. I
was like, "Great, now make all of their
customer nomination passc codes and all
their promo codes and all that."
Everything I just did there with like
Claude Co in a couple hours, we used to
do with a human. We'd be like, "Hey,
check the sponsor list, check our
contract, like go into each contract one
by one, read it yourself, put it into
business mode, tell them how many
tickets they have, write the promo code,
and then email it to them." Because back
in the day, our old tool we were using
um couldn't ingest unique codes like
this. So when I click this one, it goes
to like a sster code. Um when you know a
different sponsor clicks theirs, it goes
to their sponsor code. I'm not going to
show you their codes so that you don't
use them, but um it goes to their unique
registration code for them. And so I was
like, that literally used to take us a
day and Clyde just wiped it out in, you
know, he knocked it out in like an hour
or two. like what a champ. So it was
super interesting, right? I was like, I
know this is something that AI could
feasibly do a little bit better. It also
like made this entire timeline of what
we do. It made our campus map more
interactive so that when sponsors come
in here for the first time and get a lay
of the lamb, they know exactly like,
okay, what are the what what what do
these clouds mean? Like if you're a
first timer, it's probably a little
hard. So it add all these widgets so
that you could see what they are. Pretty
cool. And so there's a lot of other
stuff in there. Like I said, you can
feel free to go to sasserponsors.com.
That's what we built. May not be
relevant to well, if you're coming to
SAS, it's still got like the days and
times on everything. I think it's just
interesting to click through it and see
what is feasible and possible as a now
forward facing app. I'll say my biggest
fear I had when I was I like tested I
would say it took me like an extra half
day on SAS responsors to deploy just
because I was testing everything so
much. showed like I have not done again
I'm not an engineer I've not done single
sign on ever before in my life the first
time I'm doing it so I want to make sure
it works I would like sign in as like
different emails I'd be like okay let me
try to submit something there and do
something here I was like I don't know
it worked like I kept waiting for it to
break a little bit more like I don't
know I was like this crinkle sign on is
working like could it be that we've
built a better vibe coding tool than
what we were using previously and this
is the first iteration of it right? Like
it's February. There's still some time
disaster. So, we're going to build a few
more things into the disaster sponsors,
but it was again, I don't know if I
could have done it without the co-work
element involved. Maybe it would have
taken me a lot longer. I also got like a
little bit stuck at one point with
single sign on and it was like try to
tell Replet to do this. Okay, hold it.
And then it worked. So, it did help a
lot as like my buddy forced me to get
this all done. But what's the catch,
right? and then we'll do Q&A. So, I
think I mentioned it at the top, but you
know, biggest catch here is again if
you're just starting to explore VI
coding, if you're in one of those three
buckets of you haven't really built out
an app or agent yet, that is to this
level of sophistication, I wouldn't feel
embarrassed in any way by that. Like,
this was a fairly it's still simple on
the surface, but was still a little bit
more complicated to deploy. And so I
don't think I could have done it, you
know, 9 months ago with only having
built other apps into production,
different websites, different things
that are now out there in the universe
than I knew. I knew feasibly it could be
done if I just solved this single sign
on thing. And so that was the biggest
risk. And so I spent a little bit more
time on that. Um, that was the majority
of my time is making sure that would
work and then programming it and then
doing a bunch of extra testing because I
was like I don't want to send this to
100 sponsors and then I get a hund I was
like my worst nightmare is if I code
this thing I send to 100 people and
they're like a millia I can't log in or
I can't do this or my registration code
is wrong or it told me I was a platinum
and really I'm a gold like I had so much
fear that it was going to get so this
wrong that I spent extra extra extra
time testing And I was like, I don't
know, man. I've tested it all. I could
like it's working. Like it it it works.
Um and so then I I sent it to like 12
sponsors. I was like, let me send it to
12 people, see if it works. And then
they were submitting. There weren't any
issues. I could see what they were
submitting cuz I also built I also told
the app to build me a what I call a
super admin backend. So I can see
anytime somebody submits anything, which
is super cool, which the other didn't
have. And so this is really again it was
a scary situation but one where I was
like okay I've tested enough I just have
to ship it to the first 12 people see if
anything breaks and then go from there.
But it was honestly my worst nightmare
to be like if this doesn't work I'm just
going to I was like you know I'm just
going to go back to the pool if it
doesn't work cuz I can't deal with like
a thousand emails that they can't get
into the parking lot
cuz the benefits will not outweigh the
cost. But yeah, the other thing is like
I do keep fussing with it, which I need
to not like there are other things I
want to build into this portal where
like what if we did this and what if we
did that and what if we like now that
all the basics work and they're working
fine and they work well like there's all
these other things I want to do now but
I actually need to stop. It's hard to do
that I think to some degree because it's
also a little bit detrimental to my
time. Like I just need to again that's
not something I would be doing if I just
bought an offtheshelf tool. Like some of
them are how they are, right? Like you
can do some additional agent training
and you can do campaigns or whatever but
you're not fussing with the actual like
app and the back end itself. So I was
like I'm just going to stop cuz I have
to.
So all of that to say, can you really
buy code an app into production? You
can, but obviously with a lot of
asterisks and taggers there, it should
be something simple. It should be
something where you know you have
something either proprietary or stuff
like this where you can't find an
offtheshelf solution. Again, if you boil
down the things we've done with it,
which are, you know, websites, valuation
calculators, now this fast responsors
one, which is basically a project
management tool if you think about it.
Um, it not super comp like they are
complex, but they're not complicated in
the sense that like feasibly yes, you
can do these things again versus of like
trying to buy code your own. I'm not
gonna try and buy put my own CRM and
like recreate 10 years of data and touch
points and who opened this email and
when. Like that's too complicated. I'm
not gonna it's also just not worth the
trade-offs of you know buying Salesforce
versus building something like this. I
think too why we've bought versus built
a lot of things we use is a lot of these
third party tools at least today are you
know they're compliant whatever you
need. Some some of you only need lights
sock 2 or whatever or ISO whatever if
you they're secure right your data is
safe like this is again nei neither of
these two tools I built recently are
storing like super proprietary data so
to some degree there's a there's
probably a little bit of risk there but
it's worth the trade-off cuz it's not
the anything is not the end of the world
there again it's not like table stakes
and typically too these apps that we've
boughten have you know we we have an FD
each of these and that's not unique to
us That's just, you know, how these
products work in this day and age. Most
folks will pair you with an FD to get it
going and to help you run it and deploy
it, which again for a time perspective
has a lot of benefits to somebody who
knows how to do this fully. I'm going to
let them do it. Like I'm going to spend,
you know, once a week with them. Like I
spend once a week with like qualified
hours in agent force, but I'm like,
"Hey, it's, you know, 15 minutes here
are things I'm kind of looking for our
agent to do." They go off and do it and
then we come back. like it's I'm not
spending the rest of my week trying to
fuss with these agents all day long cuz
they can't like there's um other things
to do. One one captain obvious point
though um two cap on all the stuff
obviously everything the quality of
these apps you can create yourself is
accelerating if you if you haven't done
it or don't get it now actually now is
the best time to start vibe coding right
if you have to right the next best time
is probably next week because the pace
of uh acceleration so great stating the
obvious I I asked Claude what the value
of Amelia's time was and Claude said
depending on how you calculate it
between$100 and $2,000 an hour um that's
her time now that we're so such a lean
team with so many agents, so humans. So
there's no economic justification
uh for software cost to building these
apps, right? Uh you can buy them for 10
grand. Like it it makes no economic
sense. Um so you have to really need
something that you can't buy today. It's
it's almost the beyond the 9020 rule.
Um, if if your time is is if you're if
you're if you're working in um in Tulum
uh or Bali and you're just futing
around, I don't know, your time might be
worth $5 an hour. I don't know. But this
is something we had to build for someone
built that's worth $1,000 to $2,000 an
hour. You have to be careful the bounder
time. You have to be careful to not fut.
Um but but but that's uh that's the bar
for us to build something versus buying
something. Um it is not economic. So
then yeah, that's what Claude said. Um,
but it is worth it because these are
high impact things where we get
extremely high value out of an AI VP of
marketing. Um, and a sponsor portal that
will interact and manage 10 million of
revenue and make that process infinitely
better than it's been the last 10 years.
Like infinitely better with AI. So those
are the two thoughts, but we can go to
questions from there.
>> Yeah, it's fine. Some like somebody
asked me yesterday like, hey, would you
white label the stats responsors? I'm
like just about it. No, I think it's a
good I think it's it is but but then you
have to support all the customers. you
have to do all the proportion here.
>> The the future the future of vibe coding
actually um and we've worked closely
with the replet team on this. It it is
early is now that you can really build
these things for real and when we
started on replet last summer and it was
true of lovable and bolt and others it
was very hard to get something into
production. It was you if you've watched
my journey now if you if you put in the
time and you have some familiarity with
how to build software you can build most
apps that you want to. It's it's
radically better. So the next frontier
is maintaining them and all the stuff if
you talk about vibe coding it's about
building getting going and and we're
going to have a whole replet vibe code
at Saster AI 2026 in May 12th through 14
and we'll help you build apps and come
it'll be fun you can build your own B2B
app together it will be very unique and
we're going to promote that all and
we're going to have a whole day called
Ser deploy on the 12th just about
deploying agents we're going to teach
you how to do all of it and get it get
you into production but on now that you
can actually build these app who's going
to maintain them for the next 5 years so
white labeling sounds fun but but for
for us if they couldn't make millions
from it, it wouldn't be worth doing the
customerf facing side. And so
let's get to more questions, but the
interesting frontier, not to distract,
is who will maintain these apps? And the
the now that we have 10 or 20 agents
running and probably 10 apps we've built
ourselves, it's us, right? And so the
maintenance goes more and more to the
top. So issues to work on in 2026, but
very interesting. Yeah, I I do hope one
of my agents probably can get good
enough to manage the others a little bit
more.
>> It's a dream right now. No matter what
right now,
>> it doesn't you know sometimes it it
relates to the first question that we
have. Sometimes he times out like even
on my Mac I'm like what? Like I'm on
like the beefiest MacBook Pro you can
have. Like maybe I need to move to a Mac
Mini in a closet.
Um, sometimes I'll time out on Mind
Machine. I'm like, dude.
>> Yeah. Yeah. But the app does, but these
apps don't time out.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, it's just uh Okay. The
first question for Kelly is um what
percentage of SAS companies are you
seeing now get hit with the current
market conditions? That's probably a
better question for you, Jason. Are you
able to share anything about your
conversations with folks in the Saster
community on what makes them successful
to avoid some of the kind of market
reaction lately?
Well, well, look, the market reaction is
brutal. I mean, Shopify had an
incredible quarter. They just announced
while we were doing this, um, growing
30% at, I think, 12 billion in in
revenue. Uh, and it's it's the you know
what the market did. It's down um 10.4%
today.
It's brutal out there. And, um, what can
you do? Well, first of all, we're we'll
um on 20VC with Harry and Rory, we have
Michael Cannon Brooks, the CEO of
Atlassian, coming to talk about it live.
We recorded it yesterday. So, listen on
Thursday to that pod. It's pretty good
because Mike talks a lot about this
practically speaking. Um his response is
there's nothing he can do. He's got to
go with it. He's got to motivate the
team and get them through it. It's like,
you know, Atlassian beat the quarter.
It's reacelerated at 5 billion in
revenue and it trades at 4x ARR. Like
our world that we know doesn't really
work if Atlassian gets 4x AR or if
Shopify growing 30% at 12 billion falls
10.4%. The world that we've grown up in
the last decade doesn't really work
well. And um you you really can have two
options. You can sort of hope and pray
that we get back to the old days. Um I
think that's what most startups are
doing. When I get investor updates from
folks that aren't that AI forward, that
are still single product. They're just
kind of hoping that things will get
better because they're not publicly
traded. Um but the simple answer is you
you have to get AI budget. You have to
grow faster. That is what the world's
saying. It's hard. Cry me a river. Like
you have to grow faster every single
quarter. And if you're not in B2B,
you're not getting AI budget. You're not
changing the world. We had to build the
sponsor portal because the dated crappy
SAS B2B products weren't weren't agent
level. They weren't disruptive. Um but
the one we've built is disruptive. Now,
hundreds and hundreds of human hours are
going away because AI can handle the
sponsor portal. That's what you have to
build something that good or it's going
to get cancelled like this 10K product
we just aren't renewing. They may not
even know yet cuz we've ghosted them. We
don't need them. There's no chance to
save the deal. We've already built our
own. That's happening to folks. You're
either at the cutting edge of AI or
you're getting displaced. And the
question is just what's the speed? If
all your customers are on 5-year
contracts, you can hide if you want. Um,
but everyone you there is no middle
ground anymore. That's the best advice I
can tell you. And then one last thing I
would say to founders on this, I wrote
this on Twitter yesterday and then I'm a
longer post on Sasktor. A ask yourself
calmly use your own product. Is your
jaw-dropping?
Is your jaw-dropping? Almost every if
anyone that has even a couple million in
revenue up to billions, at some point
your product was a jaw-dropper or you
never would have gotten there. you you
utterly changed the lives of a
stakeholder, of a customer. They didn't
buy you because you're 1% better. They
bought you because you were you you're
jaw-droppingly better, at least for some
niche use case. Be honest. In the age of
AI, are you as jaw-dropping as Claude?
And if you're not, that's why you're
decaying. And you've got to find that
jaw-dropping AI moment where your jaw
drops that your AI agent is so good you
can't believe that was even possible 6
months ago. That's how you're going to
build a $10 billion company today. Or
you're going to end up trading at one
times revenue. There's nothing in the
middle. So ask yourself honestly, would
you renew your own product today? Would
you pay more for your product than last
year? And would your jaw drop if you're
exposed to your product? Or are you
trying to ram something through with a
decaying sales and marketing team that
is not a jaw-dropper anymore? That is
not a wow moment. Where's your wow
moment from AI? They're all over the
place. All the Saster AI tools we put up
on Saster.ai/agents AI/ agents are
they're they're they're wow that your
jaw drops when you use them,
>> right? Uh you know, Sam Blonde launched
a tool, Monaco. It's our next AI SDR
tool. Like we don't need another one. It
launched today. You can find links to it
on our agent page. It's even better than
the other ones. You know what it does
with this Monaco one? Like it finds your
ICP, it calls them for you and sets up a
phone call or a meeting for you
directly. You don't even have to do any
cadences or anything. It literally sets
up meetings for you in your calendar for
real that have been confirmed with a
human.
>> I mean, that's a jaw-dropper, isn't it?
Ameilia didn't even believe how good it
was until she saw it. And it's a
jaw-dropper.
>> You want to pay 50k, 100k for a
jaw-dropper? Yes. Do I want to pay $200
a month for another crappy project
management tool? No. That's today.
>> Yeah. I give um just to tie it all in,
right? Like I think the the big thing
that took me over the edge the last two
weeks was like I was like okay it's time
to redeploy our sponsor portal. Um but
again the one we've used has zero AI and
that killed I was like I can't I can't
be SAS or AI and deploy something that
has no AI in it. Like that's just
one totally terrible that they haven't
done at least the very basics with AI.
Um, but it's funny cuz after I showed it
to you, I think you made the comment
like, "Well, what about these other
apps?" And you named a couple other ones
where I was like, "Honestly, I feel like
I could start to rebuild it." Maybe not
for laugh annual, but there's a few now
that I'm like literally looking at where
I'm like, they fall into the same bucket
of they have not benefited from AI at
all. There's just no new AI features.
There's nothing good about it. There's
no benefits to it. I'm like, you know,
I'll probably move off those two or
three other tools we named next because
there's no benefit to staying. Like,
there just really isn't. So, um yeah,
Monica's the newest agent. We're going
to we've we've already started using it.
Um we just got on boarded last Friday.
So, um we'll check in in like another
week or so and tell you guys where we're
at on it. Um Sam who you guys might have
known from Brooks um who was the CRO
there um launched this tool after you
know going through this very frustrating
process on his own of you know trying to
wrangle human FBRs and uh VP sales and
other folks um to do outbound but also
when you're starting out and you're less
of a less of a you know maybe name brand
as Brex became and then got bought um
you may have problems at the early stage
filling your pipeline if you're at super
early stages, you may have nothing in
your CRM. And so Monaco is really cool.
We're actually using it for a very
unique use case that I think is not it's
totally not their ICP, but um the tool's
pretty good. The fact is like you got to
let me use it. But they're like, "What
do you have? Don't you already have like
three or four sample patients?" I was
like, "Yeah, but this one's so good, but
you got to let me use it cuz I h I was
like, I have another use case for it."
like I have another part of sales and go
to market that's not being tackled that
I want to tackle with this agent and
then this agent can go deep on that and
so um I'm pretty sto I'll go to the next
question that's Monaco you guys should
check it out it's monaco.com
they actually own that domain um that's
an interesting story but maybe we'll
have Sam on next time about that too
okay last question here get back to our
chat someone asked if we've been looking
at open claw
um or clawbot. Do you want to quickly
explain that ren is on
>> we haven't listen I get why engineers
are interested it let let me simple
answer it's not interesting to us today
and and made breaking guard rails in
having rogue agents running around is is
just not something we need. I get it's
very interesting and we built a yeah we
built um we built an app called Ren AI.
You can use it. It runs autonomously and
has extended memory. So I I get the
appeal of it, but it's really not for
what we want to do, which is, you know,
uh, GTM type stuff
that needs to run autonomously. We can
just have an app run autonomously. We
can just have these apps that we built
on Replet run, uh, 247. It's really not
I'm not saying it's not exciting, but
um, we're not interested in breaking
guardrails. Actually, what's more
important for us is making sure the
guardrails work.
exciting, but today we don't need this
stuff. Like, it's not that I'm not
interesting. We're all over mold book.
You can watch the things our agent wrote
about buying $400,000 of watches that we
didn't ask for and other things which
are all sort of fake that our agent
wrote and and we've built versions of
it. But, um I know I just I just I just
think that uh what's much more exciting
is just just having well guardrail
agents um that know your data cold and
can run on their own. Um that's all we
need today. So, I'd say we move on to
the next question today. Yep. This
question from Steve was, "You mentioned
that some of your web page apps are
public facing. What are you doing
currently to protect the vibe coded apps
and tools from attacks? How have you
tested this?"
>> Look, I I think it's a great question
and I think it's something that uh the
platforms, you know, first of all, this
I'll give you I'll give you two simple
answers. One, the platforms have gotten
better. They all do basic security
scans. When you launch an app now, they
look for for for private keys you've
embedded in the code. They look for
other things. They they do a lot of the
basic stuff which is helpful. Two, one
way or another, what you should do with
the agents now is they're pretty good.
You can do this in clawed code, you can
do it in replet, you can do it in
lovable, is ask them um uh to do the
deepest security audit possible on your
app at least once every month or two.
And they're pretty good at it. And it
will it it I'm not saying it's perfect,
but it's better than most probably
low-end developers would do if you had
an outsourced dev shop. And they will
find an infinite number of issues and it
will take you hours and hours and hours
and hours to fix them and undo it and it
will overlock your app down and it will
stop you from able to do uploads and it
will block your internal APIs and it
will drive you crazy. And each time we
do an internal security update, uh it
takes about a week to recover to fix all
the stuff we have to fix and unfix and
refix. Um and there are more and more
third party tools. It's a real issue.
It's a large issue and it is not an
issue that's fully solved. Um but the
platforms are getting better. And then
before you release anything with any
customerf facing at least with the
agent, tell them to do the most in-depth
security audit possible. Um, and I I I'm
not a security expert, but as a SAS
founder, I've lived so many of the
issues. I've been through so many
security. We've done our own. I think
you will get a decent outcome, but it is
a it is an open area.
>> Yep.
>> Question related to just our time
trade-offs. Um, do we have enough time
to do everything else that we're
supposed to?
>> We're at the limit. Um, it's a big it's
an interesting issue for the future.
It's it's a interesting issue for your
team. I mean, there are better people to
build and manage agents than me and
Amelia out there, but there's not like
so many. And how many folks do you have
on your team? Like, who on your team
could you hand these apps off to? Who
can you hand off your agent management?
I'm sure there are folks you you are on
your team um that can do it. But I I
think honestly you're probably lucky if
five two 1% to 5% of your team could we
could offload the management we have.
And I think it's a very it's a
challenging issue of how many you know
we are at the max we did add Monaco
which we love but only because it's
disruptive only because it fills a gap
that we don't have otherwise we would
not add another GTM agent we're just
overloaded with the inputs we have right
so I think this is an issue that most
folks haven't contended with but we're
at we're at our max and we're going to
learn this year how to how to do it.
>> Yeah. Okay. Um, with that, so
um, to do some point if you want to
learn more, I know I use some of the
faster annual branding for this slide
deck, but um, faster.com will be there
in May. We're doing a full deploy day
that's new on Tuesday. So content just
like this on deploying agents. Some of
it we'll probably do, but otherwise it's
going to be mostly other folks telling
you how to deploy different kinds of
agents. They'll go deep. They'll do deep
dives. So that'll be exciting to that.
Thanks all for joining here. Thanks for
the nice comments and all that, J. And
we will do another one of these fairly
soon cuz the world keeps changing every
it seems like every week.
Dang it. So, we'll do this soon. But
yeah, in the meantime, if you want to
know more about the markets and stuff,
yeah, listen to it's the 20 BC podcast
that Jason does with Harry and Rory
every week. It is Thursday. It drops
Thursday morning. You can go to the 20
YouTube to watch it. There's a lot of
really good insights. There's no
politics um much like this. So, um,
highly recommend listening slashwatching
that one, too.
With that, thanks for joining.
See you guys next time.
Hey, Sasser. Imagine having agents for
every support task. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn. That'd
be pretty amazing, right? Happy Fox just
made it real with autopilot. These
pre-built AI agents deploy in about 60
seconds and run for as low as two cents
per successful action. All of it sits
inside the HappyFox omni channel AI
first support stack, chatbot, co-pilot,
and autopilot working as one. Check them
out at happyox.com/saster.